Whew, okay, let me just step away from my PC quickly.
And let's go outside.
And I know what you're thinking.
You're probably thinking right now.
"Man, you need a haircut, Clyde, and shave."
And yes, you're 100% correct.
I might need to.
But put that aside, for now. There we go, and let's just take a step back.
This is only part one of this entire Grandmaster series.
We have only just begun.
And just think about what it is we've done. Before we start coding JavaScript, you need to understand
why we have JavaScript.
And that's why we looked at what programming is.
We looked at machine code, we looked at compile code.
We now know that JavaScript is actually interpreted code.
It runs in real time on your browser.
It's amazing that we didn't stop there.
We also looked at some JavaScript engines.
Something has to run JavaScript and then we kind of looked at where JavaScript fits in.
You know, we looked at HTML, CSS & where JavaScript fits in. It
can be quite confusing when you're
starting out.
And then we finally finished by just discussing the fact that JavaScript can live in different environments.
It can live in the browser, it can live in the server side -Node for example - and we can also use JavaScript
to access databases.
So it is a very, very powerful language.
But if you're anything like me, you love seeing things in action.
And that's why in the next part of the series, we're going to be discussing how to write JavaScript
in the console.
So, stick with me.
I know this was a bit of a theoretical class, but it is going to get a lot more practical as we go
forward.
See you in the next class.